{"en":"Most of us have formed an unrealistic picture of life on a desert island. ^ ","ch":"我们许多人对于荒岛生活有一种不切实际的想法。  "}
{"en":"We sometimes imagine a desert island to be a sort of paradise where the sun always shines. ^ ","ch":"我们有时想象荒岛是阳光终日普照的天堂。  "}
{"en":"Ripe fruit falls from the trees and you never have to work. ^ ","ch":"成熟的水果从树上掉下来， 人们根本无需劳动。  "}
{"en":"The other side of the picture is quite the opposite. ^ ","ch":"另一种想法恰恰相反，  "}
{"en":"You either starve to death or live like Robinson Crusoe,  Waiting for a boat which never comes. ^ ","ch":"要么饿死， 要么像鲁滨孙那样， 天天盼船来， 却总不见船影。  "}
{"en":"Perhaps there is an element of truth in both these pictures, ^ ","ch":"也许， 这两种想象都有可信之处。  "}
{"en":"but few of us have had the opportunity to find out. ^ ","ch":"但很少有人能有机会去弄个究竟。  "}
{"en":"Two men who recently spent five days on a coral island wished they had stayed there longer. ^ ","ch":"最近有两个人在一座珊瑚岛上呆了5天， 他们真希望在那儿再多呆一些日子。  "}
{"en":"They were taking a badly damaged boat from the Virgin Islands to Miami to have it repaired. ^ ","ch":"他们驾着一条严重损坏的小船从维尔京群岛去迈阿密修理。  "}
{"en":"They quickly loaded a small rubber dinghy with food,  matches,  and cans of beer^ ","ch":"他们迅速把食物、火柴、罐装啤酒往一只救生筏上装。  "}
{"en":"and rowed for a few miles across the Caribbean until they arrived at a tiny coral island. ^ ","ch":"然后在加勒比海上划行了几英里， 到了一座珊瑚岛上。  "}
{"en":"There were hardly any trees on the island and there was no water,  but this did not prove to be a problem. ^ ","ch":"岛上几乎没有一颗树， 也没有淡水， 但这不算什么问题。  "}
{"en":"As they had brought a spear gun with them,  they had plenty to eat. ^ ","ch":"由于他们随身带了一支捕鱼枪， 因此， 吃饭不愁。  "}
{"en":"They caught lobster and fish every day, and,  as one of them put it 'ate like kings'. ^ ","ch":"他们天天捕捉龙虾和鱼， 正如其中一位所说， 吃得像国王一样好”。  "}
{"en":"When a passing tanker rescued them five days later,  both men were genuinely sorry that they had to leave. ^ ","ch":"天后， 一条油轮从那儿路过， 搭救了他们。 这二位不得不离开那个荒岛时， 还真的感到遗憾呢！  "}